As beautiful as the shirt was, the size was surprisingly small, I chose large and I got a size that could only fit for a 12 year old , disappointing. I had to give it out because I can't go through the hassle of shipping it back .
size does not correspond to the European measure
not accurate size
ordered 3 xl but its barely a large with give away to someone..
Nice and as shown in picture, but beware it will shrink after wash.
size too small D & eacute; reception
Dimensions & checks for short arrow types for checks for types for short. Seller hi checks for It does not help.
Quality is not as good as i expected.. but in this price serves the purpose
Bad comunication!
Didn't think I needed it
Boring .... This is no P90X. Do one set. now do that same set 10 X that is basically the work outs. No problem with low tech just low energy. Not fun. Pass on this.
That said, the workouts were rather dull and repetitive, usually many sets of a few exercises. Especially compared to P90X and X3, there are no interesting or innovative variations, just straight pushups, pullups, squats, deadlifts, curls, etc... Mostly straight sets, with short rest rather than supersets or circuits. Again, still a tough workout, but nothing new here. The trainer was solid, if also a bit dull. I never got sick of him the way I sometimes do with Tony Horton and the like, but Jody is a bit low energy for a trainer.
Not what I hoped for.Decent set of at home strength training DVDs for beginners but I did not feel challenged at all even with extremely heavy weight. The music makes me feel like I should be in a barre or Pilates class too. Needs something more upbeat.
I ordered the mobile on November 27th and I received it on December 2nd but it was not coming from Italy as I asked during the purchase, it was sent from UK, for this reason in the package there is an UK charger that it is not useful in Italy. I hope that the seller send me a correct charger asap.
It has just ruled that the plug is UK format, rather than European format (my cell phone comes from UK, not from Spain LITTLE GIRL as they said)
goods came as I realized the goods were not at all
bad seller.he don't send nothing on 2 months. he only tell me..wait 25 days more,wait 25 days more.
I wear a US size small but even still, the shirt ran a little big.
I wear a size 46, but the "s" is too small. advice to abound with the measure
the product is a size that does not match the description
For its price Normal quality, but there are drawbacks that have to correct
quality ok, but size is no way near XXXL. it look to me M size NOT XXXL
This was not worth $24 because they were so small and not good quality
Would not recommend to my freinds and family.
Not what I expected but they are ok
Pretty upset to open up this locket, and see so much of it black and tarnished. I get that it's inexpensive but honestly this looks awful.
Only glows for 10 to 15 minutes. Back of locket stained or tarnished
Good presentation awful quality. Mine arrived tarnished, looks like something out of a .25 cent machine. I wasn't expecting something spectacular, just a unique stocking stuffer for a 4 year old. I'm kind of embarrassed to even put it in there. Might return. Very disappointed, I would not recommend this for the price.
I loved the necklace but it broke and was very cheep.
It's just glowing glue on the inside
The chain is so short that this "necklace" is actually a choker. The glow in the dark turquoise color in the middle does not look like the picture. It's just a cheapie necklace in every fashion. I regret this purchase.
I read a lot of reviews and they all seemed very good. Evidently I did not get the item they are talking about, because mine is a cheap looking piece of junk.
Received this necklace and it is completely tarnished on the locket and chain. Very disappointed because it was going to be a birthday gift and now it has to go back!
This necklace broke within two hours of my daughter's first time wearing it. The back of the heart also tarnished right away. Disappointing.
I am disappointed with it I bought it for my granddaughter for Christmas. I tried it in the dark but it doesn't glow like in the picture
The chain on this product is not as sturdy looking as the picture makes it look and the locket is much cheaper quality than a similar one I have purchased. Less than 2 hours after wearing my teenage daughter noticed the locket had fallen off of the chain.
Cheap junk. I don't recommend
Very cheap and generic. Looks like something from a .50 cent machine.
Terrible doesn't glow at all. A little bigger then I expect. I bought this as a gift.
I thought I got the wring item, certainly not a vintage steam punk look.It looks mor like your Kmart Disney jewelry.I also got charged for shipping when Im a prime customer- ps the holes are so small , can't even see a glow. Don't waste your money
I bought a glow in the dark for my granddaughter and it had two large brown spots inside on the glowing part. Looks terrible. Where was the quality control on this? Very disappointed!
Doesn't glow very bright. It has a glow in the dark sticker inside. Like kids get. Put it up to the light for a few minutes and it will glow in the dark. What little glow it did have went away after a few minutes. Waste of money.
This necklace was not what I expected. I returned the item.
Qualifies as an Ugly Christmas Sweater!
Amazon is pain to the neck. Selling on amazon.com it's waste of time and energy.Amazon needs to have own products for its own biyer!
Cnn should be sued for writing fake reviews about the democratic debate #feeltheburn #corruptnewsneteork
 I've noticed this a lot recently. Lots of fake reviews.
Im not happy my phone lumea930 can u give explanation why my lumea930 getting hot like a oven toster if i getting data this my last time i comment.
Im so disapointed this my last time i buy lumea stupid phone.. Can you give my money back.. Igive to you my phone with no scraths..
Microsoft angered its customers in Thailand and Asien.The new Lumia 950 is still not obtained, and information are poor .Many frustrated therefore and they buy a Anndroid Phone. People not learn about the past and Microsoft now make the same mistakes as Nokia in the past!
Windows 10 is not available now for Lumia 730...when its available...its not good on win10 that google kept all the records
i have bought microsoft lumia 640 xl dual sim. but from the day i have bought it, it has got calling problem. the phone has been sent to delhi centre for repair. but all in vain.i still got the same problem. no help. my hard earned 15000 rupees in water. could you help ?????
dear microsoft, i am very disappointed in you. it's been more than 2 months since you've been saying ''coming soon,coming soon'' about the win 10 update and now the year's gonna end but there's still no update
Why the hell these people can't wait till win 10 comes in handy???
No updates . You should more care about customers.
So SAD that .... Windows 10 Mobile screw up again !!!
there isn't a windows phone out good enough to justify switching. You have a lot of work to do Microsoft! :(
i'm using 1520 and other later phone are ugly feels and looks. 950 and 950xl make me puke
Why r u cheating us?
No expectations!!
I've got problem.
The true nightmare is that my damn web cam images are displaying upside down and I've tried everything to fix it and nothing works.
I have Windows 10 and its soooo stupid don't buy stuff like this!!!!!
Fucking system. A piece of shit
Since downloaded on Lenovo G500 the wifi is not connecting at all
Installed and ran Malwarebytes Anti-Malware and it removed all my passwords from my password manager. STAY AWAY FROM THIS APP!!!
To Microsoft managers, developers and marketing team: My computer is equipped with windows 7. When I paid the rights for windows 7, I expected to be able to use this software without being regularly harassed with obnoxious pop-up ads from microsoft. If I had wanted to install the highly criticized and controversial windows 10, I would have done so a long time ago. ur disrespectful harassment only strengthens my will to not install it, or any other microsoft product, and it makes me very unsatisfied of the product I paid for. So, unless microsoft is willing to stop being a pain in the a** with harassing pop-up ads, I will be asking for reimbursement of the rights I overpaid for windows 7, since window's deliberate harassment is making it an unsatisfactory product.
The problem with the Windows Phone, even Microsoft don't give a shit about them, they'd rather develop for Apple IPhones and Google Androids, than release the Windows 10 update for the Lumia 8 and 8.1 users. Even when they do release update they suck cause again Microsft is so busy working on IPhone and Android apps, until they don't have time to take care of their own.
but they have gradually lost their intelligence of production and marketing
Screw win 10. Update failed twice. Via update and usb installer. When this pc dies, and it will,
Microsoft are ABUSIVE to people who don't want a Windows 10. Because people already paid the Windows 7 or 8.x,