the medium size u sent is small compared to the medium i wear
Rubashka came to Ukraine for four weeks. The quality is average. At the height 183, weight 76 hhhl ordered - at the time. Came from some lack, the seller no problems compensated for the money. I recommend the seller and the product.
for US orders 3x is equal to a US large
Shirt funny, but the size is not the ordered size L
Matches in the photos. As long as I do not know. Before Peter brought a little more than a month. And yet to be chosen on the smaller size, have someone gives. Himself will order larger than
Nice and as shown in picture, but beware it will shrink after wash.
And I thought 'Finding Nemo' was intense.
this post and then this comment!
you're gonna love this!
I'm crying I'm laughing so hard!!
Lmao! Heck that was a great come back! Scored!! 
Janna Gardner Type their name and tag them in your reply.
This comment made me laugh. Thanks for that.
This comment mad my day! You is an expert! PMSL
Never will I look at a goldfish in the same way again!
When I was a child, I had a goldfish that only lived for a couple of days because I kept taking it out of the bowl to hold it and pet it. I guess that's why I'm a cat person now.
You should have taken pics from above
This is an instructional DVD that thoroughly illustrates proper form for a handful of basic kettlebell moves. If you are looking for a kettlebell work-out DVD to do at home this is not the one for you. If you are looking for a single DVD that shows how to perform a lot of kettlebell exercises then this is also not the one for you. What it provides is clear instructions on how to perform basic kettlebell exercises such as the swing, snatch, get-up and press. The exercises that are presented are well done, with good instruction and examples of how to do them properly. I gave this three stars because it covered so few exercises - if there had been more exercises included I would have given it five stars.
Good, but dull
My only complaint: There are a few times where we switch moves and it’s not vocalized - so I miss the transition because I’m not looking at the screen (example: going from a stretch down to a push up during the warm up). It only happens a couple of times in the entire series.
Good program. Is a bit harder for true beginners ... Good program. Is a bit harder for true beginners than I think they should do. Especially if overweight or older in age. Otherwise, it is a very good addition for cutting the body to show muscle definition. NOT a gainer program or a true cardio program. I use during the cut phase or is great for general fitness. Can't beat the value for the price compared to the "other 90x" system.
There's a lot of good workouts here, but it seems more geared towards men (not a problem), and the leader doesn't seem to believe in cooldowns or stretchs at the end. His warmup is lots of running and yoga, which doesn't thrill me, but works ok. These are not the best DVDs I've found, but there's still lots here for the money, and you can get to a darned good sweat with these. Also, volume seems really loud...
Only the glass was not perfect - hardly noticeable strip and a pair of points, but almost invisible. I discovered when removed tape factory. But this wine producer. Ladder seller.
dear buyer , thanks for your support to us . as the supplier has some troubles of this product ,so we cannot send the phone for in time . hope you could understand . next time we will do better 
thin fabric but fits me perfectly
The fabric feels low quality, but the size is according to as reported in the size chart. I would definitely buy another.
The shirt is fine in general, but the sleeves are cut me, so I can not use with straight sleeves
that was not the design that I requested, besides that the swimsuit is excellent
Nice for Giddings to young girls...would be nicer I'd they came in boxes vice bags
It's bought this as a gift for my soon to be 13 yr. old daughter. What really matters is whether or not she likes it. I think she will love the design and the fact that it glows in the dark. It would be nice if could illuminate at both day and night.
The picture is a little mis leading. It takes awhile for it to turn blue. But it's more of a blue/green. Once it changes color - it dosen't hold the color for very long. I do like the style of the hear though.
Beautiful pendant! Glows well and is vibrant. The materials are much cheaper than I'd expected for its price and the chain broke while I was putting it on but that's an easy fix. Love the pendant.
Purchased for family photos at Disneyland. Green color from website is much more muted than actual color, which is super bright and somewhat obnoxious. Fortunately, it was purchased for someone who is a good sport and he still looked quite handsome in it. He got lots of compliments on it while wearing in the park.
It's okay. Yes, thin material and a bit bigger than expected.
They need to only allow reviews for products purchased through Amazon
Bernie Sanders gets a 5 star review from me. #feelthebern #sanders2016 #trollingforbernie
I don't hate Bernie, he seems genuine, sweet. But I'm never voting for a socialist, ever.
John, I like Bernie Sanders but I don't it throws up red flags when a potential leader has such a cult like following.
I don't think Amazon has a case against the reviewers. Maybe the company if you can prove it, but what about all those fulfilled by Amazon?
Does this mean all those hilarious gummy bear reviews are getting dumped? Geez I hope not. Lighten up Amazooon, you're already anal... we sellers know that. Let some laughs happen. Anyone ignorant enough to solely using an Amazon review to choose a product is far too daft to have computer access anyway.
Question: I don't have a P. C now but I have a Microsoft Lumia 640, and I want to start coding, is it possible to code on my smartphone? And if yes what app can I download for that?(c++ is the language) Thanks.
Id like you to sort out the windows facebook app. And sort out spell check!
Windows 10 mobile would have been nice
Where is upgrade on Windows 10 for Lumia 730 ?
I hope that the keyboard in windows 10 contains more than language like German,englisland Japanese not only one additional language :)
I tested 950. It is absolutely great but too big for me. Please create a smaller high end tool for people with small hands. This would be super!!!
what is the best mobile in microsoft os below 15000 rupes?
Is Continuum implemented on all Windows 10 devices?
When other windows mobiles will get windows 10 update?
There is no official announcement yet about the releasing date and prices of new devices
According to Google 40 to 45 Million of Lines.
which antivirus is best for Windows 10
It could have been a great browser if it had an Ad-blocker in it.
how much it is stable till now? especially for gaming
after I have updated windows . The blue screen always popped up and I dont know what to do. Please help!
what's the price of continuum in Pakistan?
I want to talk with your customers care center.
What about W10 on lumia 640 on other announced devices ?