Very good. As described. 21 days.
God fit, great quality, ordered XXL and it works for me, I am M in Europe size.
Great, in three weeks at home
great product, good quality. satisfactory!
Shirt good quality on the whole is good, very satisfied with the order
Super transaction
everything is super and fast)
Good quality
Shirt, good quality, the size did not guess, read malomerki that took more and some large. Fast delivery.
good quality, fast delivery. Thank you!
The color of the shirt is a little different, but the quality is good and the size of sewing approached. Thank you for the delivery.
Well done, satisfied by this products as always!
Shirt excellent quality, came to Moscow for 3 weeks at 46-48 took XL
Shirt very good quality! On the Russian size 50-52, the site took HHHL sat like a glove. Shirt not thin, dense material, and looks good, I recommend it to everyone!
Elegant shirt! On taking his size L size 3XL, everything is perfect has come! It's in the past month. I recommend!!!
Best experience on ali ever! The seller send me a message that the shipping would take a bit longer then expected, it however arrived faster then anything I ordered here on Ali! I ordered it at Dec. 24 2015 and it arrived at Dec. 31 2015. !! (To Netherlands) The packaging of the product is just incredible, and the sound they produce is also very good. Microphone also works when calling with my mobile phone. Thank you!
very satisfied with the product and the seller
Great earpiece! working perfectly and clear sound. Should be original!
good product 2 thumbs up &amp; fast delivery :)
All good, excellent transaction.
excellent quality earphones, fast delivery, carefully wrapped and came with a nice box. I recommend these to everyone, i wont listen to music with crappy earphones again. 110% satisfied. not in the same category with these normal plastic/rubber earphones.
Very Fast Delivery- two weeks to Moscow Region. Amazing earphones Xiaomi. Good Price and excellent seller!
100% original. Excellent quality. Excellent sound. I use with Sony Xperia Z. Before there were Sony MH-EX300AP and Apple EarPods MD827ZM / A. So the best of both. And buttons all work :-) Confused only direct plug - not practical.
Very fast shipment, from China to Poland within 10 days. Headphones sounds and looking nice. Good seller.
We got to the Moscow region for 19 days. The sound is beautiful, perfectly packaged. I recommend
Perfect, thanks!
Get the goods, everything is OK, I come quickly enough quality headphones satisfied.
Excellent quality. Fast shipping. Everything ok. 5 stars	
Excellent product, i ordered for my brother after mine speaker was really good
Daddy is doing great he has a new family ' and he is still my strong hearted gold fish
You and the lady who wanted to date the soccer player from the other post have made my day :D great comment!
woww its amazing, Awesome
Good Work
Yay! About time. Thanks for stepping up for your customers Amazon
I bought this DVD when I first started using kettlebells. His "Enter the Kettlebell" book provided details, but the DVD showed proper application. Pavel personally shows how to do fundamental KB exercises: swing, clean, press, and snatch. While he hams up the evil Russian persona a bit, this is the best DVD for learning how to use kettlebells as well as proper warmups. If you are about to start doing kettlebells, buy this DVD.
have only done two of the workouts. Minute by Minute and Chest Shredder. Minute by Minute is listed as 39 minutes on the back of the box it comes in. It is actually 20 minutes with a 5 minute warm-up. It was a good sweat and challenge. The problem was that I had allocated 39 minutes for the workout so I got up extra early and the workout was short. Not the end of the world but I would appreciate accuracy. The Chest workout was solid. If you increase the weight it will help make it more intense. Jody does a nice job. This is a no thrills get down to business workout. I like them. Just need to clean up some of the details. At the end of the Chest dvd mine kind of skips or has some kind of glitch. I hope the others work. I hope this company continues to make these workouts. I do these in the mornings with my wife and I like the condensed times. These will make you sweat.
these workouts rock. Short, to the point. Many are like home crossfit WOD's and you are in and out in just 25 minutes. Honestly, I have done many programs and I am a home fitness junkie. This set is awesome and I highly recommend it.
Motivation without screaming
So far so good! I'm only a few workouts in but so far they have been great. They are very intense but they do a good job of explaining modifications so that I can work out at my own pace. I can see myself easily working up through the weight and modifications over time. The system provides a good platform for athletes of various levels. Although this product may not be quite as fancy as some, for the money, I found the quality to be quite good.
These workouts are tough and effective. He really pushes you and you will get in great shape if you stick to the program. It is also a great value for the money.
there is a great deal of value in this program (under $30)
I received my RIPT90 last week and early feedback is solid.First impressions; there is a great deal of value in this program (under $30). With fifteen different workouts and a schedule geared towards initial conditioning (30 days), building into strength (30 days) and finally sculpting (30 days), there is a variety of workouts that should keep me engaged throughout the program. I rarely follow the dieting directions in these programs (P90X previously), but this one is very straightforward with some good, simple recipes that will be tried.
My husband and I are doing the series together and are on day 35 (we are both 40 years old). Yes the moves are basic, but they work and I appreciate that I’m not flailing about like a fish out of water. These workouts are challenging and produce results. You can modify and adjust as your fitness improves, or depending on your soreness! Results and progress are what keep me motivated. Just like anything else, you get out of it what you put into it.
I like Jody’s tone. He is personable and encouraging, not overbearing, annoying or constantly yacking in your ear.
This set is an excellent value for the price. My husband and I both love the challenge of these workouts. I can’t wait to see the changes in my body at Day 60 and Day 90!
This is the best workout program I've come across
This is the best workout program I've come across. I've tried several over the years, but this one keeps me motivated and coming back. Jody is an excellent trainer - low-key, but very effective. The workouts are back to basics but extremely intense. I appreciate getting it done without superfluous chatter and complicated moves. All this and the unbelievable price - I hope Jody comes up with another series.
I consider this set to be a good workout plan
I have just done a few of these workouts thus far. Because they all seem repetitive and basic I see myself putting the workouts to paper and doing them without the video. I consider this set to be a good workout plan. I paid $30 for the plan. Not bad.
The material has arrived properly and in 2 days
Good phone. The seller sent the order the next day after the payment, which is very good. Phone came to the post office for 30 days. Half of this period, he wandered in Russia - Moscow, Orenburg, St. Petersburg.
Brilliant. I received the phone in for for days, rapid RIVER High. Recommended
good communicatioin from seller,quick despatch and delivery, phone is very good value, works a treat
works, fast shipping, fair price!
Telephone brought very quickly to get a gift for the New Year! In another store I ordered a cover on it, so he's still on the road. Box slightly rumpled, and the machine in full poryadke.Vneshne stylish, bright colors, all functions are performed, do not pumped application, laid all to factory settings and it worked. Phone pleased, thank you seller! Parliament ordered that the mall where the seller of the authenticity of the goods otvechaet.S happy to put 5 stars!
get five star because you can not put more, the first time after more than thirty imported phones that a vendor complies with each and every one of the conditions for receiving, accurate description, excellent, fast and effective communication, and send me Ultrafast in three days at home. my lords congratulations GOTOP
it's a good shirt for a casual day.
The white on looks OK, and the size i ordered fits me.
Goods received, as described and in good time.
The quality is excellent!
Satisfied and seller and product quality level. THANK YOU!
Exactly what I was expecting for this price and the shipping to Canada took less than a month. Very happy.
I love it... Good material, well stitched and good fitting
Brilliant and a lot brighter in person!
SUPER!!!!! My bathing suit was the best water park !!!! super seller, goods sent too fast and has reached mega fast! I recommend !!!! Thanks !!!
Did not receive, but full refund.
Awesome piece.. Its as per the description excellent matrial and international on time delivery is fabulous.. Thank u so much
I got these in the mail today and I just LOVE THEM!! I got them for my sister and I for Christmas, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they were already in these beautiful little pouches so I won't have to find a way to gift wrap them. They are much more sparkly and bright in person and the chain is the perfect length. I paid an excellent price, and they arrived quickly, which was such a relief! I will continue to buy from this seller for sure!!
Lovely necklaces!!! I am positive that my daughters will love their Christmas gifts.This seller was wonderful!!! The item was just as described and I received it just as promised. I highly recommend them and look forward to doing business with them again.
Was very impressed with these necklaces. Very very cute and affordable.
This necklace is very beautiful when its glowing. I wish it glowed longer but i set it in direct sunlight for a couple hours n it only glowed for a half hour. It is very pretty tho n im glad i got it.
I love Nokia. I love Microsoft. Windows 10 is awesome!
Windows phone is the best phone......if u r educated then u enjoy the phone or great features...after apple phones windows is the best
Nokia Lumia 925 is the best
does lumia have smartwatch? like razer nabu (but only for iOS/Android)? hope #lumia #microsoft develop that.:)
I love Nokia lumia 950 xl
I want a Lumia 930
Happy holidays Windows you are the best
Yeah I've Update this is cool thanks all who worked for windows 10 I've started to use when I've seen and windows 10 is so usefull I can find everything, I can do everything or to contact with Phone etc... But at first I want to say thanks all people who worked for the windows 10, thanks again...
This may be true, if you work for Microsoft :)
A great new windows app for photographers is iWatermark Pro. Nothing comes close in terms of features or ease of use
the quality of Microsoft Windows phone is much better than the other 
At least you are honest and call yourself a troll